token -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
                              
                                 English Speaking Practice
                                 
                                 
Every day I wake up at 7:00 AM and start my morning by taking the overnight oats from the fridge. 
Then I go to the ground floor to boil fourteen eggs while I iron my clothes. By 7:30 AM, both tasks are finished, and 
I freshen up by brushing my teeth and taking a bath. After bathing, I drink a glass of warm water, and five minutes later I eat my breakfast, 
which consists of overnight oats with banana, one whole egg, and one egg white. At 8:30 AM, I leave my PG and reach the office by 9:00 AM, 
where I begin my day with a cup of cappuccino. From 9:00 to 11:00 AM, I practice coding in Java, and between 11:00 and 1:30 PM, 
I study backend development with Java and frontend development with Angular while having my mid-morning snack of 100 grams of roasted chana. 
At 1:30 PM, I start working on my project, which usually continues until 2:30 or 3:00 PM depending on meetings and workload. At 3:00 PM, 
I have lunch, which includes two whole eggs, one egg white, and 100 grams of cooked rice. After lunch, I continue project work until 4:30 PM, 
when I leave the office and return to my PG in about twenty minutes.In the evening, I go to the gym from 5:00 to 7:00 PM. After my workout, 
I spend another hour working on my project until 8:00 PM. Dinner is at 8:00 PM, and on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, 
I eat five whole eggs along with one roti, 100 grams of rice, and a cup of dal. After dinner, I take a walk from 8:30 to 9:30 PM to help with digestion. 
From 9:30 to 10:30 PM, I continue working on my project, and then I spend some time learning English between 10:30 and 11:30 PM, 
depending on my workload. Finally, I go to bed around 11:00 or 11:30 PM to rest for the next day.


Hindi Sentence	English Sentence

मैं आज देर से उठा।	I woke up late today.
मुझे भूख लगी है।	I am feeling hungry.
मैं बाज़ार जाऊँगा।	I will go to the market.
मुझे बाहर नहीं जाना है।	I don’t want to go outside.
मैं टीवी देख रहा हूँ।	I am watching TV.
मैं अपने दोस्त से बात कर रहा था।	I was talking to my friend.
मैंने अभी-अभी खाना खाया है।	I have just eaten lunch.
मैं अब सोने जा रहा हूँ।	I am going to sleep now.
देखते हैं क्या होता है।	Let’s see what happens.
मेरा पढ़ने का मन नहीं है।	I don’t feel like studying.
मैं तुम्हें बाद में कॉल करूँगा।	I will call you later.
क्या तुमने खाना खाया?	Did you eat food?
मैं तैयार हो रहा हूँ।	I am getting ready.
मैं थक गया हूँ।	I am feeling tired.
मुझे नहीं पता क्या कहना है।	I don’t know what to say.
मैं तुम्हारी मदद कल करूँगा।	I will help you tomorrow.
मैं बस का इंतज़ार कर रहा हूँ।	I am waiting for the bus.
वो कल देर से आया था।	He was late yesterday.
मैं ऑफिस जा रहा हूँ।	I am going to the office.
मुझे चाय नहीं चाहिए, मुझे कॉफी चाहिए।	I don’t want tea, I want coffee.
मैं एक नया फीचर बना रहा हूँ।	I am working on a new feature.
हमने प्रोजेक्ट पूरा कर लिया है।	We have completed the project.
मैं 10 बजे मीटिंग जॉइन करूँगा।	I will join the meeting at 10 AM.
मैं कोड debug कर रहा हूँ।	I am debugging the code.
हमें application deploy करनी है।	We need to deploy the application.
मैं कल bug fix कर रहा था।	I was fixing a bug yesterday.
मैंने अभी GitHub पर code push किया है।	I have just pushed the code to GitHub.
मैं शाम तक report भेज दूँगा।	I will send the report by evening.
deadline कल है।	The deadline is tomorrow.
मैं pull request review कर रहा हूँ।	I am reviewing the pull request.
हम optimization पर काम कर रहे हैं।	We are working on optimization.
मैं documentation update करूँगा।	I will update the documentation.
मैं client से requirements discuss कर रहा था।	I was discussing requirements with the client.
हमने अभी नया version release किया है।	We have just released the new version.
मैं sprint planning की तैयारी कर रहा हूँ।	I am preparing for the sprint planning.
मैं अभी ऑफिस जा रहा हूँ।	I am going to the office now.
मैं आज late हो जाऊँगा, मेरे लिए खाना रख देना।	I will be late today, please keep food for me.
मैं अभी घर पहुँच गया हूँ।	I have just reached home.
जब तुमने कॉल किया, मैं मीटिंग में था।	I was in a meeting when you called.
मैं नई technology सीख रहा हूँ।	I am learning new technology.
आज मेरा काम करने का मन नहीं है।	I don’t feel like working today.
मैं ये task कल पूरा करूँगा।	I will complete this task tomorrow.
मैं अपने manager का इंतज़ार कर रहा हूँ।	I am waiting for my manager.
मैं emails check कर रहा था।	I was checking emails.
मैंने अभी अपना काम खत्म किया है।	I have just finished my work.
मैं आज रात dinner के लिए बाहर जाऊँगा।	I will go out for dinner tonight.
मैं movie देखने की planning कर रहा हूँ।	I am planning to watch a movie.
मैं पूरे दिन busy था।	I was busy the whole day.
मैंने अभी coffee पी है।	I have just had coffee.
मैं मीटिंग के बाद तुम्हें कॉल करूँगा।	I will call you after the meeting.